Hello everyone and welcome to the example interview note book lecture in the last lecture we went over
to our notebooks in general and this lecture we're actually going to make our own example interview
notebooks so we can better understand how the interview notebooks work.
So let's go ahead and jump to the notebooks so we can get started.
OK.
So we're here example interview notebook.
So all the interview notebooks are going to look something like this.
Go ahead and make this into a markdown So let's just control.
And then and again and you'll have the name of the problem as the letter.
So I'm just going to say add two numbers then we'll have a problem statement
and it'll just be add to numbers to numbers to gether
shift enter and then all we're going to do is go ahead and create the function.
So I'm going to the same solution as the name of the function takes a number 1 and 2 and then it just
returns 1 plus them to it's a really super basic example of what you would see.
So this is the solution code it out.
If we were just making the actual problem notebook I would just have pass here instead with no return
function.
So you can imagine that you've already filled that out.
The part that I really want to get to here is the testing your solution section so show you how we actually
build out the solution to us.
So in every interview in our book or at least most of them if it's a placable you have a test cell.
And what we do is say from those tools and you may have to download and knows knows basically just a
testing library and we're going to imports asserts equal.
Well let's go ahead and zoom in so we can get a little bit of a better view here.
So I'm saying from those tool tools that import are equal.
And then we're going to create a class and it's going to be called Solution test screen object.
And then the class solution test is going to have a method called test takes in itself since it's a
class.
And it also takes an sol which stands for solution.
And what we do here is we use this assert equal function that we imported from the KNOWS that tools
library and assert equal function basically takes into arguments and then will return an error if they're
not equal to each other.
So first thing to do is taking the solution that we pass and then put in two numbers.
So in this case all put in two and two and we'll go ahead and make sure that this is equal to 2 plus
2 which is four.
So the first argument is the function that we pass and I'll show you how to pass it in just a second
with these two arguments.
Two into the one to assert that's equal to 4.
So I'll give you one more example.
We'll do a search equal.
And let's go ahead and pass in our solution so well and we'll do for them for.
And that should be asserted equal to the integer 8.
After all those assert statements if none of them have an error that pops up and going to go ahead and
print all test cases passed.
Note that I'm using a print statement here not a print function because this is in Python too.
OK so then what am going to do is just run the tests.
So I'm going to go ahead and take a comma here.
Run tests.
I'm going to create a variable c and it's going to be an instance of solution first object and then
I'm going to say See that test.
And we note that t that method takes in a function called as well.
So pasand the solution.
And let's go ahead and make sure it works.
So going to shift answer to run the cell.
Note that all test cases haven't passed.
Let's say XLE got the wrong solution function here.
I said number one minus them too.
Well what happened if I wasn't able to pass all the equal tests.
If I do shift enter here I'll get an assertion error and we scroll all the way down you'll see that
0 does not equal four which makes sense because it said two minus two equals zero and the assert equal
function.
Got an assertion there due to that 0 not be equal to that four.
All right.
So that's the basic structure for all the interview notebooks.
I encourage you to go ahead and create your own interview problems.
You can go in and send them to your friends.
But this note book system is really nice because you have the cell to go ahead and test your solutions
.
But these cells usually won't give away how to actually do that problem.
In certain cases such as implementing a data structure or sorting algorithm the assert equal solutions
don't really make sense or having a test cell in general would just give you the solution to the problem
due to the way it's asked.
So there will be a note in the interview notebooks each individually telling you if that's the case
but there will always be a link to a full solution for every interview problem as well as a video explanation
for that particular solution.
All right but that being said we should have now is a full understanding of how the interview notebooks
themselves work.
He should also be able to make your own interview notebooks in case you ever want to.
All right.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture